$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/Readme.txt styles/andreas09/Readme.txt
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09.css styles/andreas09.css
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/andreas09.png styles/andreas09/andreas09.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/arrows-000.png styles/andreas09/arrows-000.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/footerbg.jpg styles/andreas09/footerbg.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/index.php styles/andreas09/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/black.txt styles/andreas09/options/black.txt
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/blue.css styles/andreas09/options/blue.css
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/copper.css styles/andreas09/options/copper.css
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/green.css styles/andreas09/options/green.css
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/index.php styles/andreas09/options/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/purple.css styles/andreas09/options/purple.css
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/red.css styles/andreas09/options/red.css
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/black/black.png styles/andreas09/options/black/black.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/black/header.jpg styles/andreas09/options/black/header.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/black/index.php styles/andreas09/options/black/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/black/menuhover.jpg styles/andreas09/options/black/menuhover.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/black/mid.jpg styles/andreas09/options/black/mid.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/blue/blue.png styles/andreas09/options/blue/blue.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/blue/header.jpg styles/andreas09/options/blue/header.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/blue/index.php styles/andreas09/options/blue/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/blue/menuhover.jpg styles/andreas09/options/blue/menuhover.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/blue/mid.jpg styles/andreas09/options/blue/mid.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/copper/copper.png styles/andreas09/options/copper/copper.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/copper/header.jpg styles/andreas09/options/copper/header.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/copper/index.php styles/andreas09/options/copper/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/copper/menuhover.jpg styles/andreas09/options/copper/menuhover.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/copper/mid.jpg styles/andreas09/options/copper/mid.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/green/green.png styles/andreas09/options/green/green.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/green/header.jpg styles/andreas09/options/green/header.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/green/index.php styles/andreas09/options/green/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/green/menuhover.jpg styles/andreas09/options/green/menuhover.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/green/mid.jpg styles/andreas09/options/green/mid.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/purple/header.jpg styles/andreas09/options/purple/header.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/purple/index.php styles/andreas09/options/purple/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/purple/menuhover.jpg styles/andreas09/options/purple/menuhover.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/purple/mid.jpg styles/andreas09/options/purple/mid.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/purple/purple.png styles/andreas09/options/purple/purple.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/red/header.jpg styles/andreas09/options/red/header.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/red/index.php styles/andreas09/options/red/index.php
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/red/menuhover.jpg styles/andreas09/options/red/menuhover.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/red/mid.jpg styles/andreas09/options/red/mid.jpg
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/styles/andreas09/options/red/red.png styles/andreas09/options/red/red.png
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/templates/styles/andreas09/credits.tpl templates/styles/andreas09/credits.tpl
themes/andreas09_tiki_5/templates/styles/andreas09/index.php templates/styles/andreas09/index.php

Description:
Andreas09 is based on the original design by Andreas Viklund (http://andreasviklund.com/templates/). If upgrading from a previous Tiki version, remove all Andreas template files (in templates/styles/andreas09) before installing this update.
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Andreas09
http://zukakakina.com/Andreas09
 
Licence:
GNU/GPL

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
5
 
Changelog:
4 updated for Tiki 5
3 orange option renamed copper, modified to import layout/layout.css, suckerfish menu arrow image added
2 update for Tiki 3
1 initial package