$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/snow_tiki_3/Readme.txt styles/snow/Readme.txt
themes/snow_tiki_3/resources/Flash/snowfall.fla styles/snow/resources/Flash/snowfall.fla
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow.css styles/snow.css
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/boxbtm.jpg styles/snow/boxbtm.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/boxmid.jpg styles/snow/boxmid.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/boxtop.jpg styles/snow/boxtop.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/flakesptn.jpg styles/snow/flakesptn.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/flakesptn2.jpg styles/snow/flakesptn2.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/flakesptn3.jpg styles/snow/flakesptn3.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/header-bg.jpg styles/snow/header-bg.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/index.php styles/snow/index.php
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/logo.jpg styles/snow/logo.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/pagetitle-bg.jpg styles/snow/pagetitle-bg.jpg
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/pagetitle-bullet.gif styles/snow/pagetitle-bullet.gif
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/pagetitle-bullet-sm.gif styles/snow/pagetitle-bullet-sm.gif
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/snow.png styles/snow/snow.png
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/Flash/index.php styles/snow/Flash/index.php
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/styles/snow/Flash/snowfall.swf styles/snow/Flash/snowfall.swf
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/templates/styles/snow/credits.tpl templates/styles/snow/credits.tpl
themes/snow_tiki_3/theme/templates/styles/snow/index.php templates/styles/snow/index.php

Description:
Snow is an original design for TikiWiki CMS/Groupware and uses the *litecss source-ordered layout method (http://sourceforge.net/projects/litecss). A Flash .fla and .swf file are included but not tested with this version of the theme. If updating from an early version, remove all the old template (.tpl) files in templates/styles/snow and then add the ones in this package. 
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Snow
http://zukakakina.com/Snow
 
Licence:
GNU/LGPL

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
3.0
 
Changelog:
4 modified to import layout/layout.css
3 update for Tiki 3
2 update for TikiWiki 2
1 initial package