$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/judy_tiki_4/Readme.txt styles/judy/Readme.txt
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy.css styles/judy.css
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/bg-content.png styles/judy/bg-content.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/bg-content-left.png styles/judy/bg-content-left.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/bg-content-right.png styles/judy/bg-content-right.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/bg-navigation-item.png styles/judy/bg-navigation-item.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/bg-navigation-item-hover.png styles/judy/bg-navigation-item-hover.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/bg-topbar.jpg styles/judy/bg-topbar.jpg
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/body.png styles/judy/body.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/duplicon-watermark.png styles/judy/duplicon-watermark.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/gradient-inner.png styles/judy/gradient-inner.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/ie7.css styles/judy/ie7.css
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/index.php styles/judy/index.php
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/judy.png styles/judy/judy.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/options/fixed_width.css styles/judy/options/fixed_width.css
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/options/index.php styles/judy/options/index.php
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/pics/icons/folder.png styles/judy/pics/icons/folder.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/pics/icons/index.php styles/judy/pics/icons/index.php
themes/judy_tiki_4/styles/judy/pics/icons/ofolder.png styles/judy/pics/icons/ofolder.png
themes/judy_tiki_4/templates/styles/judy/credits.tpl templates/styles/judy/credits.tpl
themes/judy_tiki_4/templates/styles/judy/index.php templates/styles/judy/index.php
themes/judy_tiki_4/templates/styles/judy/tiki.tpl templates/styles/judy/tiki.tpl
themes/judy_tiki_4/templates/styles/judy/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/judy/tiki-site_header.tpl

Description:
Judy is an implementation of the Garland theme for Drupal, for TikiWiki CMS/Groupware. For more information, please see the documentation pages for this theme.
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Judy
http://zukakakina.com/Judy
 
Licence:
GNU/LGPL

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy), implementing visual aspects of the original Garland theme for Drupal.
 
Version:
4
 
Changelog:
2 update for Tiki 4
1 initial package