contributor:
$Author$

revision:
SVN $Revision$ - for TikiWiki2

lastmodif:
$Date$

files:
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/Readme.txt templates/styles/tikipedia/Readme.txt
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/lib/wiki-plugins/wikiplugin_thumbdiv.php lib/wiki-plugins/wikiplugin_thumbdiv.php
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/lib/wiki-plugins/wikiplugin_twocolortitlebox.php lib/wiki-plugins/wikiplugin_twocolortitlebox.php
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/styles/tikipedia.css styles/tikipedia.css
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/styles/tikipedia/bullet.gif styles/tikipedia/bullet.gif
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/styles/tikipedia/headbg.jpg styles/tikipedia/headbg.jpg
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/styles/tikipedia/index.php styles/tikipedia/index.php
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/styles/tikipedia/logo.png styles/tikipedia/logo.png
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/styles/tikipedia/logo-indexed.gif styles/tikipedia/logo-indexed.gif
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/styles/tikipedia/user.gif styles/tikipedia/user.gif

themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/credits.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/credits.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/header.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/header.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/index.php templates/styles/tikipedia/index.php
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/mod-toolbox.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/mod-toolbox.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-bot_bar.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-bot_bar.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-likepages.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-likepages.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-pagehistory.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-pagehistory.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-read_article.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-read_article.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-rename_page.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-rename_page.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-rollback.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-rollback.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-show_page.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-show_page.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-site_header.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-stats.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-stats.tpl
themes/tikipedia_tiki_2/templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-top_bar.tpl templates/styles/tikipedia/tiki-top_bar.tpl

author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)

licence:
GNU/GPL

Description: 
This is an original theme for TikiWiki CMS/Groupware (http://tikiwiki.org) to replicate the visual appearance of the GPL Monobook theme for Mediawiki. This theme uses the *litecss source-ordered layout method (http://sourceforge.net/projects/litecss).

Version:
2.0

Changelog:
2 update for TikiWiki 2.0
1 initial package (May 2, 2006)