$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/milkyway/Readme.txt styles/milkyway/Readme.txt
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway.css styles/milkyway.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/arrows-000000.png styles/milkyway/arrows-000000.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/arrows-ffffff.png styles/milkyway/arrows-ffffff.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/borderlspacer.gif styles/milkyway/borderlspacer.gif
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/borderrspacer.gif styles/milkyway/borderrspacer.gif
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/ie6.css styles/milkyway/ie6.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/ie7.css styles/milkyway/ie7.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/index.php styles/milkyway/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/milkyway.png styles/milkyway/milkyway.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_active._bg.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_active._bg.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_l.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_l.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_r.png.gif styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_r.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_normal_bg.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_normal_bg.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_separator.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_separator.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black.css styles/milkyway/options/black.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue.css styles/milkyway/options/blue.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green.css styles/milkyway/options/green.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/index.php milkyway/options/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange.css styles/milkyway/options/orange.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red.css styles/milkyway/options/red.css
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white.txt styles/milkyway/options/white.txt
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/arrows-000.png styles/milkyway/options/black/arrows-000.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/black.png styles/milkyway/options/black/black.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/black/borderl.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/black/borderr.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/footer.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/footer.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/header.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/index.php styles/milkyway/options/black/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxtitlebottom.png styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxtitlebottom.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/black/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/black/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/arrows-0b3665.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/arrows-0b3665.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/blue.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/blue.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderl.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderr.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/footer.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/footer.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/header.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/index.php styles/milkyway/options/blue/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxtitlebottom.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxtitlebottom.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/blue/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/arrows-2e6314.png styles/milkyway/options/green/arrows-2e6314.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/green/borderl.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/green/borderr.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/footer.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/footer.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/green.png styles/milkyway/options/green/green.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/header.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/index.php styles/milkyway/options/green/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxtitlebottom.png styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxtitlebottom.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/green/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/green/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/arrows-a04e17.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/arrows-a04e17.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderl.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderr.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/footer.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/footer.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/header.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/index.php styles/milkyway/options/orange/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxtitlebottom.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxtitlebottom.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/orange.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/orange.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/orange/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/arrows-5d0a03.png styles/milkyway/options/red/arrows-5d0a03.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/red/borderl.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/red/borderr.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/footer.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/footer.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/header.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/index.php styles/milkyway/options/red/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxtitlebottom.png styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxtitlebottom.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/red/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/red.png styles/milkyway/options/red/red.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/red/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/white/borderl.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/white/borderr.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/footer.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/footer.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/header.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/index.php styles/milkyway/options/white/index.php
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxtitlebottom.png styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxtitlebottom.png
themes/milkyway/styles/milkyway/options/white/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/credits.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/credits.tpl
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/index.php templates/styles/milkyway/index.php
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/module.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/module.tpl
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/tiki.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/tiki.tpl
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-site_header.tpl
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-site_header_top.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-site_header_top.tpl
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-sitemenu.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-sitemenu.tpl
themes/milkyway/templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-top_bar.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/tiki-top_bar.tpl

Description:
MilkyWay is a Tiki implementation of the default Joomla theme. Like the original, several color variations are included. For more information, please see the documentation pages for this theme.

Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/MilkyWay
http://zukakakina.com/MilkyWay
 
Licence:
This theme is a derived work using visual elements of the original Joomla theme, which was released under the GPL license.

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
3
 
Changelog:
3 updated for Tiki 5
2 updated for Tiki 4
1 initial package