$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/Readme.txt styles/greenblog/Readme.txt
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog.css styles/greenblog.css
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/comment_icon.gif styles/greenblog/comment_icon.gif
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/comment_bg.jpg styles/greenblog/comment_bg.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/comment_bottom.jpg styles/greenblog/comment_bottom.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/footer_bg.jpg styles/greenblog/footer_bg.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/greenblog.png styles/greenblog/greenblog.png
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/greenblog3cols.png styles/greenblog/greenblog3cols.png
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/index.php styles/greenblog/index.php
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/image_01.jpg styles/greenblog/image_01.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/image_02.jpg styles/greenblog/image_02jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/menu_panel_bg.jpg styles/greenblog/menu_panel_bg.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/post_bg.jpg styles/greenblog/post_bg.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/right_section_bg.jpg styles/greenblog/right_section_bg.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/thumb_01.jpg styles/greenblog/thumb_01.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/thumb_02.jpg styles/greenblog/thumb_02.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/thumb_03.jpg styles/greenblog/thumb_03.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/thumb_04.jpg styles/greenblog/thumb_04.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/thumb_05.jpg styles/greenblog/thumb_05.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/thumb_06.jpg styles/greenblog/thumb_06.jpg
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/options/fixed_width.css styles/greenblog/options/fixed_width.css
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/styles/greenblog/options/index.php styles/greenblog/options/index.php
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/templates/styles/greenblog/credits.tpl templates/styles/greenblog/credits.tpl
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/templates/styles/greenblog/index.php templates/styles/greenblog/index.php
themes/greenblog_tiki_4/templates/styles/greenblog/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/greenblog/tiki-site_header.tpl

Description:
The Green Blog theme has a dark jungle-like quality, uses the *litecss source-ordered layout method ([http://sourceforge.net/projects/litecss]), and imports layout/layout.css for non-design properties. For more information, please see the general documentation pages for Tiki themes and for this theme. If possible, please keep the link to TemplateMo.com in the page footer.
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org
http://zukakakina.com
 
Licence:
This theme is a derived work using visual elements of the Green Blog theme by TemplateMo.com (http://TemplateMo.com), which was released without conditions for use. This theme for Tiki CMS/Groupware is licensed GNU/LGPL.

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
4

Changelog:
2 updated for Tiki 4
1 initial package