$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/andreas09/Readme.txt styles/andreas09/Readme.txt
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09.css styles/andreas09.css
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/bodybg.jpg styles/andreas09/bodybg.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/footerbg.jpg styles/andreas09/footerbg.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/index.php styles/andreas09/index.php
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/menuhover.jpg styles/andreas09/menuhover.jpg
themes/andreas09/templates/styles/andreas09/credits.tpl templates/styles/andreas09/credits.tpl
themes/andreas09/templates/styles/andreas09/index.php templates/styles/andreas09/index.php
themes/andreas09/templates/styles/andreas09/header.tpl templates/styles/andreas09/header.tpl
themes/andreas09/templates/styles/andreas09/tiki.tpl templates/styles/andreas09/tiki.tpl
themes/andreas09/templates/styles/andreas09/tiki-bot_bar.tpl templates/styles/andreas09/tiki-bot_bar.tpl
themes/andreas09/templates/styles/andreas09/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/andreas09/tiki-site_header.tpl
themes/andreas09/templates/styles/andreas09/tiki-top_bar.tpl templates/styles/andreas09/tiki-top_bar.tpl
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-black.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-black.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-green.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-green.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-orange.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-orange.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-purple.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-purple.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-red.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/bodybg-red.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/index.php styles/andreas09/alt-img/index.php
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-black.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-black.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-green.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-green.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-orange.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-orange.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-purple.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-purple.jpg
themes/andreas09/styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-red.jpg styles/andreas09/alt-img/menubg-red.jpg

Description:
Andreas09 is based on the original design by Andreas Viklund (http://andreasviklund.com/templates/) and uses the *litecss source-ordered layout method ([http://sourceforge.net/projects/litecss]).
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Andreas09
http://zukakakina.com/Andreas09
 
Licence:
GNU/GPL

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
2.0
 
Changelog:
1 initial package