$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/Readme.txt styles/darkshine/Readme.txt
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine.css styles/darkshine.css
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/ad.gif styles/darkshine/ad.gif
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/blue.gif styles/darkshine/blue.gif
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/border.jpg styles/darkshine/border.jpg
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/box.jpg styles/darkshine/box.jpg
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/darkshine.png styles/darkshine/darkshine.png
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/green.jpg styles/darkshine/green.jpg
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/hover_list.jpg styles/darkshine/hover_list.jpg
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/index.php styles/darkshine/index.php
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/main.gif styles/darkshine/main.gif
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/nav.gif styles/darkshine/nav.gif
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/orange.jpg styles/darkshine/orange.jpg
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/print.css styles/darkshine/print.css
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/red.jpg styles/darkshine/red.jpg
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/stripes.gif styles/darkshine/stripes.gif
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/stripes_small.gif styles/darkshine/stripes_small.gif
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/styles/darkshine/title_background.jpg styles/darkshine/title_background.jpg
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/templates/styles/darkshine/credits.tpl templates/styles/darkshine/credits.tpl
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/templates/styles/darkshine/index.php templates/styles/darkshine/index.php
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/templates/styles/darkshine/sicustomcode.tpl templates/styles/darkshine/sicustomcode.tpl
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/templates/styles/darkshine/tiki.tpl templates/styles/darkshine/tiki.tpl
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/templates/styles/darkshine/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/darkshine/tiki-site_header.tpl
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/templates/styles/darkshine/tiki-top_bar.tpl templates/styles/darkshine/tiki-top_bar.tpl
themes/darkshine_tiki_3/templates/styles/darkshine/topbar_custom_code.tpl templates/styles/darkshine/topbar_custom_code.tpl

Description: The TikiWiki adaptation of this design uses one table to keep things sliding smoothly for IE7. The site title can be added with site identity custom code. A dynamic content block can display content in the narrow black space next to the search link. A section at the top of the content area that in the original design held a row of thumbnails can be configured with Look & Feel top bar custom code.
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Dark Shine
http://zukakakina.com/Dark Shine
 
Licence:
This theme adapted by Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy) for TikiWiki CMS/Groupware is an adaptation of the Dark Shine theme by Jack Qiao (http://www.pureweb.ca/) contributed to Open Web Design (http://www.openwebdesign.org) and released to the public domain.

Author:
Adapted by Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy).
 
Version:
Compatible with Tiki 3 releases.
 
Changelog:
2 update for Tiki 3
1 initial package