$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/Readme.txt styles/mittwoch/Readme.txt
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch.css styles/mittwoch.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/arrow.gif styles/mittwoch/arrow.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/arrow.png styles/mittwoch/arrow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/arrow_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/arrow_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/arrows-bada38.png styles/mittwoch/arrows-bada38.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/bg.gif styles/mittwoch/bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/bg_pagenav.gif styles/mittwoch/bg_pagenav.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/button_bg.png styles/mittwoch/button_bg.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/compo_head.gif styles/mittwoch/compo_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/content_head.gif styles/mittwoch/content_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/footer.gif styles/mittwoch/footer.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/h3.gif styles/mittwoch/h3.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/headertop.png styles/mittwoch/headertop.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/ie7.css styles/mittwoch/ie7.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/index.php styles/mittwoch/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/menu_bg.gif styles/mittwoch/menu_bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/mittwoch.png styles/mittwoch/mittwoch.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/pathway.gif styles/mittwoch/pathway.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/top_button.gif styles/mittwoch/top_button.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/top_button_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/top_button_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue.css styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green.css styles/mittwoch/options/green.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/index.php styles/mittwoch/options/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen.css styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange.css styles/mittwoch/options/orange.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red.css styles/mittwoch/options/red.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow.css styles/mittwoch/options/yellow.css
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/arrow.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/arrow.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/arrow.png styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/arrow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/arrow_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/arrow_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/bg_pagenav.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/bg_pagenav.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/compo_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/compo_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/content_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/content_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/footer.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/footer.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/h3.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/h3.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/headertop.png styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/headertop.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/index.php styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/menu_bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/menu_bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/darkblue.png styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/darkblue.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/pathway.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/pathway.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/top_button.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/top_button.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/top_button_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/darkblue/top_button_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/arrow.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/arrow.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/arrow.png styles/mittwoch/options/green/arrow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/arrow_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/arrow_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/bg_pagenav.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/bg_pagenav.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/compo_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/compo_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/content_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/content_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/footer.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/footer.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/h3.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/h3.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/headertop.png styles/mittwoch/options/green/headertop.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/index.php styles/mittwoch/options/green/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/menu_bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/menu_bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/green.png styles/mittwoch/options/green/green.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/pathway.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/pathway.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/top_button.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/top_button.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/green/top_button_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/green/top_button_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/arrow.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/arrow.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/arrow.png styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/arrow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/arrow_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/arrow_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/bg_pagenav.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/bg_pagenav.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/compo_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/compo_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/content_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/content_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/footer.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/footer.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/h3.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/h3.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/headertop.png styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/headertop.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/index.php styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/menu_bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/menu_bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/lightgreen.png styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/lightgreen.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/pathway.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/pathway.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/pgbg.jpg styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/pgbg.jpg
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/top_button.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/top_button.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/top_button_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/lightgreen/top_button_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/arrow.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/arrow.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/arrow.png styles/mittwoch/options/orange/arrow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/arrow_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/arrow_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/bg_pagenav.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/bg_pagenav.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/compo_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/compo_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/content_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/content_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/footer.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/footer.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/h3.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/h3.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/headertop.png styles/mittwoch/options/orange/headertop.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/index.php styles/mittwoch/options/orange/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/menu_bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/menu_bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/orange.png styles/mittwoch/options/orange/orange.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/pathway.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/pathway.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/pgbg.jpg styles/mittwoch/options/orange/pgbg.jpg
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/top_button.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/top_button.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/orange/top_button_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/orange/top_button_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/arrow.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/arrow.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/arrow.png styles/mittwoch/options/red/arrow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/arrow_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/arrow_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/bg_pagenav.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/bg_pagenav.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/compo_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/compo_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/content_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/content_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/footer.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/footer.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/h3.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/h3.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/headertop.png styles/mittwoch/options/red/headertop.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/index.php styles/mittwoch/options/red/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/menu_bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/menu_bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/red.png styles/mittwoch/options/red/red.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/pathway.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/pathway.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/pgbg.jpg styles/mittwoch/options/red/pgbg.jpg
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/top_button.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/top_button.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/red/top_button_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/red/top_button_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/arrow.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/arrow.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/arrow.png styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/arrow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/arrow_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/arrow_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/bg_pagenav.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/bg_pagenav.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/compo_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/compo_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/content_head.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/content_head.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/footer.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/footer.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/h3.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/h3.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/headertop.png styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/headertop.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/index.php styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/index.php
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/menu_bg.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/menu_bg.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/yellow.png styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/yellow.png
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/pathway.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/pathway.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/pgbg.jpg styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/pgbg.jpg
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/top_button.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/top_button.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/top_button_hover.gif styles/mittwoch/options/yellow/top_button_hover.gif
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/templates/styles/mittwoch/credits.tpl templates/styles/mittwoch/credits.tpl
themes/mittwoch_tiki_5/templates/styles/mittwoch/index.php templates/styles/mittwoch/index.php

Description:
An implementation for TikiWiki of the Joomla theme by Alexander Hanke. For more information, please see the documentation pages for this theme.
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Mittwoch
http://zukakakina.com/Mittwoch
 
Licence:
GPL

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
5
 
Changelog:
3 updated for Tiki 5
2 updated for Tiki 4
1 initial package