$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$ (chibaguy)

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/Readme.txt styles/candiiclouds/Readme.txt
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds.css styles/candiiclouds.css
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/banstars.gif styles/candiiclouds/banstars.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/bcloud.gif styles/candiiclouds/bcloud.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/bluu.gif styles/candiiclouds/bluu.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/cclog.gif candiiclouds/cclog.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/cloudsbdr.gif candiiclouds/cloudsbdr.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/headercloud.jpg styles/candiiclouds/headercloud.jpg
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/leftmarginbg.png styles/candiiclouds/leftmarginbg.png
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/logo.png styles/candiiclouds/logo.png
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/piink.gif styles/candiiclouds/piink.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/rightmarginbg.png styles/candiiclouds/rightmarginbg.png
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/s-stars.gif styles/candiiclouds/s-stars.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/sbihead.gif styles/candiiclouds/sbihead.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/styles/candiiclouds/star.gif styles/candiiclouds/star.gif
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/credits.tpl templates/styles/candiiclouds/credits.tpl
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/header.tpl templates/styles/candiiclouds/header.tpl
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/index.php templates/styles/candiiclouds/index.php
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki.tpl templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki.tpl
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-bot_bar.tpl templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-bot_bar.tpl
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-read_article.tpl templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-read_article.tpl
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-site_header.tpl
themes/candiiclouds_tiki_2/templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-top_bar.tpl templates/styles/candiiclouds/tiki-top_bar.tpl

Description:
Candii Clouds theme by Mark Schulz (elpirtxis), licensed Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 and
adapted for TikiWiki CMS/Groupware by Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy). Type 2-- Until IE7 supports display:table, an HTML table is needed in tiki.tpl for graphic treatment and column integrity.
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Candiiclouds
http://zukakakina.com/Candiiclouds
 
Licence:
GNU/GPL

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
2.0
 
Changelog:
1 initial package