$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/Readme.txt styles/milkyway/Readme.txt
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway.css styles/milkyway.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/arrows-000000.png styles/milkyway/arrows-000000.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/arrows-ffffff.png styles/milkyway/arrows-ffffff.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/borderlspacer.gif styles/milkyway/borderlspacer.gif
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/borderrspacer.gif styles/milkyway/borderrspacer.gif
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/ie6.css styles/milkyway/ie6.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/ie7.css styles/milkyway/ie7.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/index.php styles/milkyway/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/milkyway.png styles/milkyway/milkyway.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_l.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_l.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_r.png.gif styles/milkyway/mw_menu_cap_r.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_normal_bg.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_normal_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/mw_menu_separator.png styles/milkyway/mw_menu_separator.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black.css styles/milkyway/options/black.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue.css styles/milkyway/options/blue.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green.css styles/milkyway/options/green.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/index.php milkyway/options/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange.css styles/milkyway/options/orange.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red.css styles/milkyway/options/red.css
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white.txt styles/milkyway/options/white.txt
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/arrows-000.png styles/milkyway/options/black/arrows-000.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/black.png styles/milkyway/options/black/black.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/black/borderl.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/black/borderr.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/footer_bottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/footer_bottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/footer_top.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/footer_top.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/header.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/index.php styles/milkyway/options/black/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxtitlebottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/modboxtitlebottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/black/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/black/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/black/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/arrows-0b3665.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/arrows-0b3665.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/blue.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/blue.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderl.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/borderr.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/footer_bottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/footer_bottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/footer_top.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/footer_top.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/header.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/index.php styles/milkyway/options/blue/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxtitlebottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/modboxtitlebottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/blue/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/blue/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/blue/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/arrows-2e6314.png styles/milkyway/options/green/arrows-2e6314.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/green/borderl.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/green/borderr.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/footer_bottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/footer_bottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/footer_top.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/footer_top.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/green.png styles/milkyway/options/green/green.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/header.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/index.php styles/milkyway/options/green/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxtitlebottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/modboxtitlebottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/green/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/green/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/green/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/arrows-a04e17.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/arrows-a04e17.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderl.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/borderr.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/footer_bottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/footer_bottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/footer_top.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/footer_top.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/header.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/index.php styles/milkyway/options/orange/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxtitlebottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/modboxtitlebottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/orange.png styles/milkyway/options/orange/orange.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/orange/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/orange/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/arrows-5d0a03.png styles/milkyway/options/red/arrows-5d0a03.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/red/borderl.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/red/borderr.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/footer_bottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/footer_bottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/footer_top.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/footer_top.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/header.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/index.php styles/milkyway/options/red/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxtitlebottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/modboxtitlebottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/red/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/red.png styles/milkyway/options/red/red.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/red/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/red/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/borderl.png styles/milkyway/options/white/borderl.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/borderr.png styles/milkyway/options/white/borderr.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/footer_bottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/footer_bottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/footer_top.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/footer_top.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/header.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/header.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/index.php styles/milkyway/options/white/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/modbox.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/modbox.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxl.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxl.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxr.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxr.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxtitlebottom.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/modboxtitlebottom.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/mw_menu_active_bg.png styles/milkyway/options/white/mw_menu_active_bg.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/topbar.jpg styles/milkyway/options/white/topbar.jpg
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/styles/milkyway/options/white/white.png styles/milkyway/options/white/white.png
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/templates/styles/milkyway/credits.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/credits.tpl
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/templates/styles/milkyway/index.php templates/styles/milkyway/index.php
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/templates/styles/milkyway/module.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/module.tpl
themes/milkyway_tiki_8/templates/styles/milkyway/tiki.tpl templates/styles/milkyway/tiki.tpl

Description:
MilkyWay is a Tiki implementation of the default Joomla theme. Like the original, several color variations are included. For more information, please see the documentation pages for this theme. Recommended module assignments (in this order) -> Top: logo (nobox=y), login_box (nobox=y, mode=popup), menu (nobox=y, type=horiz, id=secondary_site_menu, class=secondary_site_menu); Topbar: search (nobox=y), Milkyway_topbar_menu [[custom menu to contain main "tiki-top" horizontal menu] (nobox=y&theme=milkyway.css&menu_id=tiki-top). Milkyway_topbar_menu custom module data: ~np~<table class="pill" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td class="pill_l">&nbsp;</td><td class="pill_m">{menu id=43 type=horiz css=y}</td><td class="pill_r">&nbsp;</td></tr></table>~/np~ (Remove the np tags before pasting into the module data textarea.)


Docurl:
http://themes.tiki.org/MilkyWay
http://zukakakina.com/MilkyWay
 
Licence:
This theme is a derived work using visual elements of the original Joomla theme, which was released under the GPL license.

Author:
Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy)
 
Version:
7
 
Changelog:
5 Updated for Tiki 7 (support for modules as containers for Look and Feel content, etc.; page header and footer can now flex vertically).
4 updated for Tiki 6
3 updated for Tiki 5
2 updated for Tiki 4
1 initial package