$Id$

Contributor:
$Author$

Revision:
$Revision$

Lastmodif:
$Date$

Files:
themes/faulkner/Readme.txt styles/faulkner/Readme.txt
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner.css styles/faulkner.css
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/bullet.gif styles/faulkner/bullet.gif
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/entrybg.gif styles/faulkner/entrybg.gif
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/foot.jpg styles/faulkner/foot.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/h3bg.jpg styles/faulkner/h3bg.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/index.php styles/faulkner/index.php
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/leftmargin.jpg styles/faulkner/leftmargin.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/menu.gif styles/faulkner/menu.gif
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/menuhover.jpg styles/faulkner/menuhover.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/ornament.gif styles/faulkner/ornament.gif
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/parchment.jpg styles/faulkner/parchment.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/parchmentleft.jpg styles/faulkner/parchmentleft.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/parchmentlight.jpg styles/faulkner/parchmentlight.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/parchmentright.jpg styles/faulkner/parchmentright.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/rightmargin.jpg styles/faulkner/rightmargin.jpg
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/title_left.gif styles/faulkner/title_left.gif
themes/faulkner/styles/faulkner/title_right.gif styles/faulkner/title_right.gif
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/credits.tpl templates/styles/faulkner/credits.tpl
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/header.tpl templates/styles/faulkner/header.tpl
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/index.php templates/styles/faulkner/index.php
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/sicustomcode.tpl templates/styles/faulkner/sicustomcode.tpl
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/tiki.tpl templates/styles/faulkner/tiki.tpl
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/tiki-bot_bar.tpl templates/styles/faulkner/tiki-bot_bar.tpl
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/tiki-site_header.tpl templates/styles/faulkner/tiki-site_header.tpl
themes/faulkner/templates/styles/faulkner/tiki-top_bar.tpl templates/styles/faulkner/tiki-top_bar.tpl

Description:
The Faulkner theme for TikiWiki CMS/Groupware is adapted from the original WordPress template by Demus Designs. In a departure from the original design, two page-layout tables are used to enable expanding content area and side-column-independent background gradients. This was necessary to support Tiki's flexible content-display options. Look & Feel custom code is used to display the site title and text ornaments.
 
Docurl:
http://themes.tikiwiki.org/Faulkner
http://zukakakina.com/Faulkner
 
Licence:
This theme is released under GPL license, but please respect the request of the author and display the Demus Designs credit/link in the page footer.

Author:
Adapted by Gary Cunningham-Lee (chibaguy).
 
Version:
2.0
 
Changelog:
1 initial package