contributor:
$Author: sylvieg $

revision: 
$Revision: 1.2 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2008-03-12 17:36:46 $

files: 
wiki-plugins/submit/wiki-plugins/wikiplugin_submit.php lib/wiki-plugins/wikiplugin_submit.php
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/blink.png img/icons2/blink.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/blinkbits.png img/icons2/blinkbits.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/blogmarks.png img/icons2/blogmarks.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/blogmemes.png img/icons2/blogmemes.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/bluedot.png img/icons2/bluedot.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/comments.png img/icons2/comments.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/connotea.png img/icons2/connotea.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/delicious.png img/icons2/delicious.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/digg.png img/icons2/digg.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/facebook.png img/icons2/facebook.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/furl.png img/icons2/furl.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/google.png img/icons2/google.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/magnolia.png img/icons2/magnolia.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/mrwong.png img/icons2/mrwong.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/newsvine.png img/icons2/newsvine.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/reddit.png img/icons2/reddit.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/simpy.png img/icons2/simpy.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/sphere.png img/icons2/sphere.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/stumbleupon.png img/icons2/stumbleupon.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/technorati.png img/icons2/technorati.png
wiki-plugins/submit/img/icons2/yahoo.png img/icons2/yahoo.png

author:
ricks99

licence:
GNU/LGPL

Description: 
Add a social networking bookmark links (such as Digg, Furl, Technorati, and so on).


